project/notes.md, before:

# Possible optimization target: pyscf, numint_uniform_grid.c
  * integration is performed by pyscf/pyscf/pbc/dft/multigrid.py
    - specifically, the eval_mat function
    - the numeric integration function name to call is constructed and stored
      in eval_fn (e.g. eval_fn = 'NUMINTeval_' + xctype.lower() + lattice_type)
    - the numerical integration is passed as the first paramter of
      libdft.NUMINT_fill2c
    - a test function exists: test_eval_mat, found in test_numint.py and test_r_numint.py
    - BLAS and LAPACK libraries are required to build pyscf (sudo apt install libblas-dev liblapack-dev)
    - OpenMP is used to parallelize the functions

# Python venv setup
  * Create virtual environment
    - python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment
  * Activate the virtual environment
    - Platform        Shell             Command to activate virtual environment
    - POSIX           bash/zsh          $ source <venv>/bin/activate
    -                 PowerShell Core   $ <venv>/bin/Activate.ps1
    - Windows         cmd.exe           C:\> <venv>\Scripts\activate.bat
    -                 PowerShell        PS C:\> <venv>\Scripts\Activate.ps1
  * Package can now be built and installed within virtual environment
    - python3 setup.py build
    - python3 setup.py install
  * Virtual environment can be deactivated by typing 'deactivate' in the shell
  * More information can be found here: https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html

# Notes:
  * Relevant section on numerical integration: https://pyscf.org/user/dft.html#numerical-integration-grids
  * "PySCF implements several numerical integration grids, which can be tuned in KS-DFT calculations following the examples in dft/11-grid_scheme.py"
  * PySCF makes use of libxc (https://www.tddft.org/programs/libxc/)
    - "Libxc is a library of exchange-correlation and kinetic energy functionals for density-functional theory."
  * A project that implements numerical integration grids: https://theochem.github.io/horton/2.1.1/lib/pck_horton_grid.html
  * A paper talking numerical integration: https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.33.3141&rep=rep1&type=pdf
  * Another paper on Smolyak's construction https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/14928756.pdf
  * Paper: "Smolyak's algorithm: A powerful black box for the acceleration of scientific computations" https://arxiv.org/pdf/1703.08872.pdf

  * CUDA
    - Following instructions here: https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/wsl-user-guide/index.html

# TODOs
  * Change of plans, redo assignment 2 but with GPU acceleration
    - reimplement assignment 2 in C
    - implement numerical integration from textbook: Electronic Structure Calculations on Graphics
    - for naive implementation, could do this: https://eecs.oregonstate.edu/research/vlsi/teaching/ECE472_FA12/briggs_haller_cuda.pdf
Processing Units ("C:\Users\Michel\OneDrive\School\ELEC542\Project\Electronic Structure Calculations on Graphics Processing Units - 2016 - Walker.pdf")
  * ~~priority is to understand DFT better, because right now it doesn't make enough sense
    - https://pyscf.org/user/dft.html seems to have a good overview, and the benchmark uses a variation of the example within~~ Done.
    - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGyfGCZT110 watched this, good overview of DFT from David Sherill
  * ~~watch this, CP2K parallel algorithms overview (~1h): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNnSKOgqEwM~~ Nevermind, not worth it.
  * ~~finalize a benchmark to run that will utilize the numerical integration~~ pyscf abandoned for now
  * ~~understand what workloads use the numerical integration routines that will be accelerated~~ pyscf abandoned for now

Commit message:

Starting work on reimplementing assignment 2

project/notes.md, after:

# Possible optimization target: pyscf, numint_uniform_grid.c
  * integration is performed by pyscf/pyscf/pbc/dft/multigrid.py
    - specifically, the eval_mat function
    - the numeric integration function name to call is constructed and stored
      in eval_fn (e.g. eval_fn = 'NUMINTeval_' + xctype.lower() + lattice_type)
    - the numerical integration is passed as the first paramter of
      libdft.NUMINT_fill2c
    - a test function exists: test_eval_mat, found in test_numint.py and test_r_numint.py
    - BLAS and LAPACK libraries are required to build pyscf (sudo apt install libblas-dev liblapack-dev)
    - OpenMP is used to parallelize the functions

# Python venv setup
  * Create virtual environment
    - python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment
  * Activate the virtual environment
    - Platform        Shell             Command to activate virtual environment
    - POSIX           bash/zsh          $ source <venv>/bin/activate
    -                 PowerShell Core   $ <venv>/bin/Activate.ps1
    - Windows         cmd.exe           C:\> <venv>\Scripts\activate.bat
    -                 PowerShell        PS C:\> <venv>\Scripts\Activate.ps1
  * Package can now be built and installed within virtual environment
    - python3 setup.py build
    - python3 setup.py install
  * Virtual environment can be deactivated by typing 'deactivate' in the shell
  * More information can be found here: https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html

# Notes:
  * Relevant section on numerical integration: https://pyscf.org/user/dft.html#numerical-integration-grids
  * "PySCF implements several numerical integration grids, which can be tuned in KS-DFT calculations following the examples in dft/11-grid_scheme.py"
  * PySCF makes use of libxc (https://www.tddft.org/programs/libxc/)
    - "Libxc is a library of exchange-correlation and kinetic energy functionals for density-functional theory."
  * A project that implements numerical integration grids: https://theochem.github.io/horton/2.1.1/lib/pck_horton_grid.html
  * A paper talking numerical integration: https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.33.3141&rep=rep1&type=pdf
  * Another paper on Smolyak's construction https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/14928756.pdf
  * Paper: "Smolyak's algorithm: A powerful black box for the acceleration of scientific computations" https://arxiv.org/pdf/1703.08872.pdf

  * CUDA
    - Following instructions here: https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/wsl-user-guide/index.html

# TODOs
  * Immediate:
    - implement proper exchange and repulsion matrices by looking at good homework example
    - coordinates may not work with dedicated integration function, may need to revisit that
    - may need to drop list generator for more traditional implementatio
  * Longterm:
    - Change of plans, redo assignment 2 but with GPU acceleration
    - reimplement assignment 2 in C
    - implement numerical integration from textbook: Electronic Structure Calculations on Graphics
    - for naive implementation, could do this: https://eecs.oregonstate.edu/research/vlsi/teaching/ECE472_FA12/briggs_haller_cuda.pdf
Processing Units ("C:\Users\Michel\OneDrive\School\ELEC542\Project\Electronic Structure Calculations on Graphics Processing Units - 2016 - Walker.pdf")
  * ~~priority is to understand DFT better, because right now it doesn't make enough sense
    - https://pyscf.org/user/dft.html seems to have a good overview, and the benchmark uses a variation of the example within~~ Done.
    - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGyfGCZT110 watched this, good overview of DFT from David Sherill
  * ~~watch this, CP2K parallel algorithms overview (~1h): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNnSKOgqEwM~~ Nevermind, not worth it.
  * ~~finalize a benchmark to run that will utilize the numerical integration~~ pyscf abandoned for now
  * ~~understand what workloads use the numerical integration routines that will be accelerated~~ pyscf abandoned for now
